chore: add symbol text when insuficient balance for pay gas (#4124)
hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-monorepo: .changeset/empty-waves-speak.md

---
'@hyperlane-xyz/cli': patch
---

> chore: add symbol text when insuficient balance for pay gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display token symbol when balance is insufficient for command
```
